Not really interested in typology anymore, sorry.
Bio ver: 1.2.2 - ik I'm being too optimistic by assuming someone is going to read this
(I will continue to edit this overtime)
why do I care about my bio this much? I think the most of the people who are going to read this are my friends and I like talking to my friends, directly or indirectly.

Why am I here even though I dislike typology? I used to like it, but now I'm just here for the community. (especially the Persian community, trust me you won't find people like this easily)

My hobbies? I'm interested in programming and computer science in general, I love reading books, seriously, consider reading 'sociology of autocracy' (in Persian: جامعه شناسی خودکامگی) especially if you're from the same country as me, and I also like *a few* anime shows, my favorite one is Eighty-Six.

the less human-related the science, the better it is. I dislike politics & sociology but sadly, considering the political situation in my country right now, I think have to read about both, meh. I also don't really like touching random people so medical science while interesting is a bit gross.
So what I DO like? Guessed it, sleeping. I love computer science and I'm planning to study it in uni, I have a great passion for mathematics and physics.

I try to be nice to everyone but I'm sorry if I failed and hurt you, I often don't really mean to be rude.
I try to have a little bit more personality than average and be a unique person overall, and I also like people with unique personalities.

I'm thankful that you've made it this far. You're probably my friend now! I'm glad I could talk to you! (if you're not someone from IRGC. I don't like talking to terrorists who kill and torture people for being brave enough to stand against this tyranny)

(Also please note that every platform that you can text on, isn't just another version of Tinder. It really disgusts me to see people doing that kinda crap here, thank you for your cooperation.)